---
layout: post
title: Poems
description: collection of written Art
image: assets/images/liam_smile.jpg
---

# Poems
## Self
Over time Liam has written a few poems which reflect his personal self at the time of writting

The pain of a nation exists without our imagination <br />
We need a vacation to end our relations <br />
To start our relation with our imagination <br />
Too end the needless procrastination <br />
To curb our dammnation and settle our civilization  <br />
We have imagination to laugh at our dammnation  <br />

Why do we see, what we don't speak  <br />
Why do we speak. What we don't see <br />
Its a maze seperated by greys <br />


## List of Art
### Culture
A nation's culture resides in the hearts and in the soul of its people. <br /> --Mahatma Gandhi
### One of God's Cruel Jokes
damaged fruit, <br /> rotten to the core, <br /> i stay out of the way <br /> out of your way, <br /> till the storm has passed.

outside is a beautiful blue day <br /> inside there is a war going on.

we are some of god's cruel jokes. <br /> he was having a laugh. <br /> he was putting us on. <br />we are <br />some of god's cruel jokes <br/> -- Tom Yorke

### Idle Minds
idle minds<br />fix upon each other<br />trace each other and follow, sniffing each other's arse<br />like a midnight binge<br />emptying the fridge<br />all the remains on the kitchen floor.

the bored animals. the stupid dogs.<br />begging for food at the dinner table.<br />that helpless look in their eyes.

full up for 30 seconds.<br />licking the bones like the fucking dumb creatures they are.<br />soon emptiness creeps back<br />and idle eyes go searchin for scraps <br/> -- Tom Yorke

### Soziale Gerechtigkeit
Mein leidenschaftlicher Sinn für soziale Gerechtigkeit und soziale Verpflichtung <br /> stand stets in einem eigentümlichen Gegensatz zu einem ausgesprochenen Mangel <br /> an unmittelbarem Anschlußbedürfnis an Menschen und an menschliche Gemeinschaften. <br /> --Albert Einstein

### Alles hinterfragen
Das Wichtigste ist, daß man nicht aufhört zu fragen. <br /> -- Albert Einstein

### Die Fähigkeit sich selbst zu vernichten
Die Freisetzung der Atomkraft hat alles verändert außer unserer Denkweise, <br /> und deshalb treiben wir auf Katastrophen zu, die nicht ihresgleichen haben. <br /> -- Albert Einstein

### Technology in the 21. Century
The most exciting breakthroughs of the 21st century will not occur because of technology <br /> but because of an expanding concept of what it means to be human <br /> -- John Naisbitt